Add algorithmic errors tracking to `qml.Tracker` (#5465)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  [stim](https://github.com/quantumlib/Stim) `v1.13.0`.
  [(#5409)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5409)

> * `qml.specs` and `qml.Tracker` now returns information regarding algorithmic errors for the qnode as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `qml.specs` and `qml.Tracker` now return information about algorithmic errors for the qnode as well.
```
